# Simple-JWT
A simple script to generate and validate JWT tokens.
How to use:

You simply have to include the functions from the "simplejwt.php" file in your script, or include them with "require" or "include", before doing the latter I recommend eliminating the example code to avoid problems.
Once this is done, then you must create a key, the key can be generated by you or use the function called "jwt_generateKey" which will generate a random key, this key must be stored in a variable called "jwt_key", this since the functions "generateJWT" and "validateJWT" use it globally.

After creating a key, you can now generate the token as follows:

$jwt=generateJWT(array("user_id"=>3),3600);
 
where the variable "jwt" is the string of the resulting token, the "generateJWT" function accepts 2 parameters, the first parameter is an array for the payload of the jwt token (in the example a key called "user_id" is established with a value of 3), while the second parameter is an int and corresponds to the expiration time in milliseconds of the token after being created (in the example it is 3600 seconds which corresponds to one hour), that is, the token will be valid for one hour after being created.

To validate a token, you can use the "validateJWT" function which accepts a parameter, the parameter it accepts is a string, the string in question is the JWT token previously created or stored somewhere, this function returns an array with this structure:

Key = UQJqYqyeetWrQ_sKeeZuInNQ4KgPWcDb6HIya6YAPoN

JWT = eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJ1c2VyX2lkIjozLCJleHAiOjE3MDU1MjE4MDd9.3Mzx7eb3JSbN9i9CdXZyMiKTVd8xl8j7RAKSbCNCfXM
Array
(
     [authorized] => true
     [valid] => true
     [expired] => false
     [code] => 1
     [payload] => Array
         (
             [user_id] => 3
             [exp] => 1705521807
         )
)

"authorized" confirms that the token validation process is completely fine.
"valid" verifies that the token is actually valid.
"expired" indicates whether the token is expired.
"code" represents the status code of the token result.
"payload" is the payload added to the token when it was generated.

If for example, we have a JWT token which was improperly modified, then "valid" and "authorized" will result in negative ("code" 2), if our JWT token was never modified but has nevertheless expired, then "valid" and " expired" will be positive but "authorized" will be negative ("code" 3), if, on the other hand, the token is completely original and has not expired then "valid" and "authorized" will be positive while "expired" will be negative ( "code" 1).
